Competitive programming: Sieve of Eratosthenes (#2487)
girlscript/winter-of-contributing: Competitive_Programming/C++/Maths & Number Theory/Sieve of Eratosthenes.md

# Sieve Of Eratosthenes

> Sieve of Eratosthenes is a algorithm to find prime numbers in the range 1 to n, in time complexity of O(n*log(log(n))) and space complexity of O(n). The basic idea behind Sieve is that a number is said to be prime if it is not divided by any of the smaller prime numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sieve of Eratosthenes is an algorithm to find prime numbers in the range 1 to n, in time complexity of `O(n*log(log(n)))` and space complexity of `O(n)`. The basic idea behind Sieve is that a number is said to be prime if it is not divisible by any of the smaller prime numbers.
```

## Source Code:
~~~cpp
#include<bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;
void sieve(int n){
    //boolean type vector to keep track of prime numbers, true for prime, false for composite
    vector<bool>prime(n+1,true);       
    prime[0]=false;                    
    prime[1]=false;                   
    for(int i=2; i<=n; i++){    
        //if i'th number is prime then mark all its multiples as false(composite)
        if(prime[i] && (long long)i*i<=n){         
            for(int j=i*i; j<=n; j+=i){
                prime[j]=false;
            }
        }
    }
    //print the primes
    for(int i=0;i<n+1;i++){                     
        if(prime[i]){
            cout<<i<<" ";
        }
    }                                      
}                                          
int main(){
    //number of test cases
    int t;                                
    cin>>t;
    while(t--){
        int n;
        cin>>n;
        //we have to find prime numbers till "n"
        sieve(n);                         
        cout<<"\n";
    }
    return 0;
}
~~~

> ![credit:](https://javainterviewpoint.azureedge.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Python-Sieve-of-Eratosthenes.png)image credit:JavaInterviewPoint.

Reviewer: Credits and Time Complexity/space complexity should be after input-otput.

Author: ok i'll do it
